Update http bbes with latest changes (#4568)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-response-interceptor/http_response_interceptor.md

The `http:ResponseInterceptor` is used to intercept the response and execute custom logic. A `ResponseInterceptor` is a service object with a remote method called `interceptResponse`, which is executed before dispatching the response to the client. A `ResponseInterceptor` can be created from a service class, which includes the `http:ResponseInterceptor` service type. 

This service object can be engaged at the service level by declaring a `http:InterceptableService` object. This accept an interceptor service object or an array of interceptor service objects as an interceptor pipeline and the interceptors are executed in the order in which they are placed in the pipeline. 

Use `ResponseInterceptors` to execute common logic such as logging, header manipulation, state publishing, etc., for all outbound responses.

> When handling `Resource/Service Not Found` scenarios, if there is only a single service attached to the listener, the interceptor pipeline 

Reviewer: @shafreenAnfar do we need to mention this in a BBE?
@dilanSachi we have added this in the spec right?

Author: Yup. It is added in the spec.

> related to that service will get executed. If there are multiple services, the interceptor pipeline of the service in the root path will get executed. 

Reviewer: No need for new lines here, it will be automatically formatted

The `http:ResponseInterceptor` is used to intercept the response and execute custom logic. A `ResponseInterceptor` is a service object with a remote method called `interceptResponse`, which is executed before dispatching the response to the client. A `ResponseInterceptor` can be created from a service class, which includes the `http:ResponseInterceptor` service type. 

> This service object can be engaged at the service level by declaring a `http:InterceptableService` object. This accept an interceptor service object or an array of interceptor service objects as an interceptor pipeline and the interceptors are executed in the order in which they are placed in the pipeline. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This service object can be engaged at the service level by declaring an `http:InterceptableService` object. This accepts an interceptor service object or an array of interceptor service objects as an interceptor pipeline and the interceptors are executed in the order in which they are placed in the pipeline. 
```
